# stroop
This came after I spent a while working on my own versions and running into prototyping/random issues with JavaScript. I was analyzing different sets of code to draw inspiration from, and found this one fully open source. Rather than rip individual pieces, I decided to honor the original creator more by keeping his framework and building off of it. Since it's under GNU General Public License, we can take as much/little as wanted from this without running into any issues (could strip name entirely, just keep my comments, and slap my name on the top). To me, that felt rude. I am certainly improving on the original, both in fixing bugs in his original code, and in adding features, but I would like to pay respect to him.

I am working on two further files - one to implement the Amazon API feature I was working on before directly into this, and one to perform statistical analysis as they play. If you think it would be interesting, there is a Google API I have been looking at that will allow people to place their score on an overall ranking and see how they did vs other testers/people open source.

If you want to try running it, currently my copy is only hosted on my local machine. The original is here http://ezyang.com/stroop/ , although this is a minimal version of what I'm working on. The core changes I'm trying to implement are: As listed above in paragraph 2, a superior UI (particularly relating to the answer entry), different game options that will allow a user to say, for example, I want to play 20 rounds with 4 colors. One drawback to this is if I use the google comparison API, it will probably only be able to handle a specific case (say 10 rounds with 4 colors).
